Nanaia is has a rounder face so we can
sculpt her face and make her look
absolutely beautiful I want to show you
the difference in the way that we pose
night and how that we can take off we
can make her either appear heavy or slim
so let me show you what we can do so now
I just want you to stand straight and
put your arms flat at your side okay now
folks I'm going to take just a really
unattractive picture of her and I'm
sorry and I we know you don't really
look like this okay ready let's see okay
now once we've done that okay I want you
to see how this is working first of all
by the way are you noticing our little
highlight in the background doesn't look
great but notice how by having her arms
down by her side and really close to her
shape it's adding weight to her and it's
making her look heavier than she needs
to so the next thing i want to do nyah
is I'm going to have you turn your feet
towards me this way by the way are you a
professional model not at all oh yeah
not yet okay the reason i ask that
question sometimes people always go well
thatthat's she said she's she's a
professional model that's why she'll do
this right well that's not the way it is
if you just use simple terms for your
subjects use simple things you can get
people to do whatever you want so nyah
turn your feet this way a little bit
right there good and I'm going to have
you back up this way just a little bit
good job separate your feet a little bit
and push your hip towards my hand good
job and now point this toe right towards
me did you notice by the way when I did
when I when I directed her front foot I
put my toe right where I wanted her foot
to be so I said hey point your toe right
here it made it real simple there was no
question about where she needed to go ok
now niya this arm right here I want you
to put it on your hip good job very nice
honey that's absolutely beautiful k now
let's see what we've got to look for
through the camera oh love it turn your
face this way oh that's my girl gorgeous
awesome hang on I think I caught your
blinking let's see did we get her
blinking I don't think so but did you
notice already she looks slimmer than
she did and we've created this beautiful
light trap right here by her shade look
at go up to your subject and look
carefully at their eyes and you'll see
right away whether there is a highlight
if you see a highlight in their eyes and
it's coming from the direction of the
window then you've got a direction of
light and so that would be my my my
scenario if I
can't use window light for whatever
reason then of course then I'm going to
turn to using flash of some sort but as
a general rule unless it is absolutely
dark outside I don't usually have a
problem with them with arranging for
that okay so next we're going to start
by photographing Kevin let's work with a
guy a groom or not even a groom let's
guess where the guy come on Kevin now
Kevin could absolutely be a professional
model could me okay okay one of the
things that you'll notice when I'm when
I'm working with him a subject no matter
the way there a guy or a girl I really
want them to become comfortable with the
camera I don't want them to be stiff and
all jacked up so Kevin just scoot this
way just a little bit and again do you
see what happens when I move him in this
direction in relation to the light
source because I want to fill in a
little bit on this side of his face but
I don't want to make it where it's just
completely flatly lit so Kevin then the
first thing I want to do is I'm going to
have you turn your feet a little bit
towards me right here now guys don't do
that little hip thing I don't have them
push their hip one way or the other when
it comes to posing and the reason I
don't do that for guys is it tends to
make their body fall in a little bit
more of a feminine way so but what I
will do is if I want the wait to go on
Kevin's back foot I may say hey Kevin
with this foot right here can you just
lift it off the ground for a second and
now I want you to set it down a little
bit in front of your other foot and very
gently guess what happened when he lists
at foot off the floor there is only one
place for the other foot to go and that
is to put the weight on that leg so it's
a real sneaky way again to get someone
to do what you want them to do and do it
in a really simple simple way without a
lot of work the next thing I want to do
is I want to add a little bit of bulk to
Kevin so Kevin I want just to take your
hands and stick your thumb through your
pocket I don't believe in doing that
little thing with the guys where they
stick their hand in and have the little
hot dog the thumb hanging out I think
that looks off the charts cheesy by the
way if you're being judged and
photographic competition you probably
want to do it that way and have a little
hot dog the thumb hanging out of the
pocket because they will get doc you
points but I'm sorry but there's not a
guy in real-world whoever does that so
let's start with Kevin and I want to
let's say I'm going to start by
photographing just doing a nice portrait
of him so right there Kevin with this
shoulder want you to lean towards me a
little bit lovely tilt the top your head
just a little tiny bit this way little
tiny movements are really all you need
right there Oh awesome very very nice
very very nice oh yeah who is your daddy
Kevin yeah love it he is a doll he is
cute as they come so now we've got we've
got kind of our basic scenario where i
want to go but he's a bad boy so Kevin I
want you to shake your head for me give
me some attitude oh you love it down and
how we are brooding artists so come on
lean towards me right here yeah I love
and awesome and turn your face a little
bit right there nice right there with
your eyes look right at me oh yeah love
it by the way one thing you want to be
careful of when you're photographing you
want them to look at you with their eyes
I don't want you to hide her but I do
want you like right here again I want
those faces on the same plane but now
we're taking this whole image and we're
going to just give it a much more casual
feel to the photograph you don't always
have to have everybody facing in to the
picture I find that sometimes that looks
just a little bit static I'll tell you a
dead giveaway by the way and how far you
can go with your subjects and we'll the
way that you should pose them if you you
pose them look at their clothes whatever
they're wearing that tells you whether
they're more straight-laced whether
they're more casual whether they're more
hip I mean look what Kevin's got on look
at his hair that tells you he's kind of
cool and happening so he's going to fall
very easily into a very easy composed
photograph and so you don't want to make
it too stiff and to staticky by only
doing it one way so learn to decipher
who you're working with and then work
within their comfort zone that is such a
great great way to photograph okay let's
try this I'm going to back up just a
little bit right here Kathleen towards
me a little bit buddy love it keV that's
awesome very nice awesome guys love no
smiles we too bad we don't even care oh
yeah love the dollars nice awesome kids
very nice beautiful that was really just
pretty darn good I love it love it love
it it's about the only thing I need to
do when you're working with natural
light is you've got to make sure you
play towards a light source so Isabella
make sure that you lean towards me with
your chin and then lean towards the
light source there you go that's much
much better excellent a nyla turn your
face this way a little bit more and I
want you bring a little bit more hair
down right here in front and Kevin this
arm right here that's up on her shoulder
bring it up to your face now like this
nice Oh
like the Oh Kevin that's perfect yeah
okay very very nice lean towards me just
a little bit Kevin nice awesome perfect
love it guys awesome very nice beautiful
excellent so the whole idea and the
moral of the story is to create images
that are fun and relaxed and one of the
things that I'll do with my subjects if
I find that they're kind of getting a
bit too